1.There's not much work to do on the farm, so you have decided to go off and look for work in one of the bigger 
cities. You arrive at Coding Forest, the road forks out ahead of you, the right path is wide and well travelled 
while the left looks newer and only slightly smaller. There is a sign post in the middle. One side points to the 
right to Java City and the left points to Ruby City. Which way do you want to turn?
1. Right
2. Left*
Go to index 2*
Go to index 3#
2. You have choosen to try Java City. While the road started out wide, the further you travel the narrower it 
starts to get. You can see tracks where people have turned around to go back to the crossroads. Do you want to 
continue on or try Ruby City?
1. Forge on
2. Try Ruby City*
Go to index 4*
Go to index 3#
3. You have choosen to try Ruby City. This was fool move, not all that glitters is gold and you became lost and 
hungry, before collapsing on the ground and dying.*
-1*
-1#
4. You are not put off by other people's lack of commitment and continue to travel down the path. It isn't long 
until you encounter another crossroads beside a stream. There is a beautiful girl washing her hair there, which 
strikes you as unusual, since there is no sign of a house nearby. Do you disturb her and ask for directions or 
avoid her and take the furthest path from her?
1. Ask directions
2. Avoid her*
Go to index 5*
Go to index 6#
5. As you approach her, her beauty becomes more riveting and you forget what you wanted to say. She smiles at you 
speaking, "my name is Ilae, won't you join me?." Sitting beside her seems to be the best thing ever. She points 
into the water to show you something. When you lean forward to get a better view she dunks your head under water 
and drowns you! Congratulations you're dead!*
-1*
-1#
6. Your momma didn't raise no fool! You avoid her and take the path furthest from her, she is out of sight when the 
path forest brightens and birdsong can be heard. Flowers line the path and you smile as you continue your journey. 
Down the road you encounter a shimmering tree, the edges hazy and you can't quite make out much detail. Do you want 
to ignore it and continue or peer closer?
1. Ignore it
2. Have a closer look*
Go to index 7*
Go to Index 8#
7. This seems as dangerous as that woman, and you hurry your footsteps. Your feet are starting to hurt and you are 
starting to get annoyed by all the distractions. You left the farm to get a job and if it's the last thing you do 
you are getting a job! Before you on the road you spot a gnome. He smiles at you from under his tall pointed red 
hat. "Adventurer, hark, it is a good day. Join me for a spell and we shall ease our aches before continuing on." 
Will you join him?
1. You are fed up and have had enough. Beat him into submission and continue on your journey
2. It would be nice to let your feet rest, sit and chat*
Go to index 9*
Go to index 10#
8. Looking closer, you are surprised to hear a voice, "Traveller from far away, long ago has it been since I had 
company. Talk to me a spell and 
1. The voice sounds lonely, so you sit beside him to talk
2. You have no time in your quest, apologise and move on quickly*
7*
10#
9. Tired and weary, you emerge from Coding Forest to see Java City spread out before you. It doesn't take you long 
after entering the gates to find the job you were looking for. It's small and not much, but better than the farm. 
Besides it will be another adventure to advance...*
-1*
-1#
10. You decide to join your new friend, sitting down beside him. Before long you get tired, it has been a while 
since you started your journey. Your friend tells you he will watch out, while you sleep. Too bad it is a sleep you 
never wake up from again.*
-1*
-1#
